---
layout: post
title: "I'm Back"
date: 2012-12-25 23:25
comments: true
excerpt: It's been a few years, but I'm back and ready to write
published: false
categories:
- Octopress
---

It's been a while since I last had a blog. In fact, I think it's been two, maybe three years now. I previously had a WordPress blog that I updated regularly. However, the things I was studying on my own at the time consumed me and I considered writing about those things to be a low priority. After all, who want's to hear what a noob thinks about something he's barely beginning to learn about? So instead I figured I'd continue reading and studying, and maintaining a blog kind of fell into the backburner.

For over a year now I had wanted to get back into blogging, at the very least to serve as a sort of journal for what I've learned, what I'm working on, etc. I didn't want to bother maintaining a WordPress blog anymore, so I gave tumblr a shot. I felt that tumblr wasn't as flexible as I would like and lost interest again. A few months ago I again got the urge to set up a blog, and having heard of static generators on hacker news, I ended up giving Jekyll/Octopress a try. That's what I'm running right now and so far it's working out well. I actually set this up a few months ago, but hadn't had the time to properly set it up and "design" myself a theme.

I've done a lot during my absence these past few years. In fact, it's all a big blur so I wouldn't know where to begin, so I won't even attempt it. Most recently, for example, I worked on a music visualizer for Linux PulseAudio in Haskell with OpenGL and FFTW for school.
